CHANGELOG.md: Add UT failures as known issue for 6.4.1. (#1698)
ROCm/rccl: CHANGELOG.md

* When splitting a communicator using `ncclCommSplit` in some GPU configurations, MSCCL initialization can cause a segmentation fault.
  The recommended workaround is to disable MSCCL with `export RCCL_MSCCL_ENABLE=0`.

> * RCCL-UnitTests failures:
>     - AllToAll.ManagedMemGraph failure.
>     - Segmentation fault observed in dmesg.
>   These are failures from the test itself and should not impact users. The test has been fixed in the development branch and is expected to be included in our next major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Within the RCCL-UnitTests test suite, failures occur in tests ending with the `.ManagedMem` and `.ManagedMemGraph` suffixes. These failures only affect the test results and do not affect the RCCL component itself. This issue will be resolved in the next major release.
```
